docs: rewrite CONTRIBUTING.md (#698)
cpeditor/cpeditor: CONTRIBUTING.md

-   [Qt docs](https://doc.qt.io/)
-   [Discover issues](https://github.com/cpeditor/cpeditor/contribute)

## Before writing codes

If there isn't an issue opening for what you are going to work on, please open an issue before writing codes for a pull request, for these reasons:

1.  You may get help from others.
2.  Others can know you are working on it, this will save possible duplicate works.
3.  You will be notified if this feature is not going to be accepted, or the "bug" is actually not a bug, etc., thus saving your time.

## Contributing rules

-   Remember that the goal is to build an editor for competitive programmers, not for developers.
-   Do one thing in a pull request. If you want to add multiple features/fix multiple bugs and they are not relevant, open multiple pull requests. You may need to create multiple branches to open multiple pull requests, you can learn git branching [here](https://learngitbranching.js.org/).
-   Add new features on the master branch, and fix bugs on the latest active (master, beta and stable) branch which has the bug. See also [the versioning rule](VERSIONING.md).

> -   Please write [clear commit messages](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/). It's also recommended to write [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/). Since we are [squashing and merging pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-request-merges#squash-and-merge-your-pull-request-commits), the commit messages in a pull request is not so important, while the title of the pull request or the message of the only commit in a pull request is more crucial.

Author: If there's only one commit in a pull request, its message the message of the squashed commit.

> -   Please write [clear commit messages](https://chris.beams.io/posts/git-commit/). It's also recommended to write [Conventional Commits](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/). Since we are [squashing and merging pull requests](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/about-pull-request-merges#squash-and-merge-your-pull-request-commits), the commit messages in a pull request is not so important, while the title of the pull request or the message of the only commit in a pull request is more crucial.

Reviewer: The statement can be refined and improved.

> -   Use Clang Format and [`.clang-format`](.clang-format) to format your codes. If the codes without your modifications are changed after formatting, try updating your `clang-format`.

Author: But I'm always using the latest version on Arch. So if there are any breaking changes, we'll update the CI instead of using the same version as CI.

> -   Use Clang Format and [`.clang-format`](.clang-format) to format your codes. If the codes without your modifications are changed after formatting, try updating your `clang-format`.

Reviewer: > But I'm always using the latest version on Arch. So if there are any breaking changes, we'll update the CI instead of using the same version as CI.

Okay, So I have changed the statement to "same or higher version of clang-format than used in CI"

> -   Don't remove features unless it's necessary. Add an option to disable some feature instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Don't remove features unless it's necessary. Add an option to disable them instead.
```

-   Keep the settings file backward compatible all the time.
-   Everyone should obey the [Code of Conduct](CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) in order to build a harassment-free community.

## Documentation

> The documentation are hosted at [cpeditor.github.io](https://github.com/cpeditor/cpeditor.github.io). You can read [its contributing guidelines](https://github.com/cpeditor/cpeditor.github.io/blob/hugo/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The documentation is hosted at [cpeditor.github.io](https://github.com/cpeditor/cpeditor.github.io). You can read [its contributing guidelines](https://github.com/cpeditor/cpeditor.github.io/blob/hugo/CONTRIBUTING.md) for more information.
```

## Translations

The translations are in the [translations](translations) directory. It's recommended to use Qt Linguist to edit them. However, if you only want to fix a typo, you can use whatever text editor you like. In Qt Linguist, when a translation is finished, press <kbd>Ctrl + Enter</kbd> to mark it as finished and go to the next unfinished translation. If a text doesn't need translation, for example, "C++", you can leave the translation empty and mark it as finished. You should fix all warnings in Qt Linguist.

If you want to add a new language, you can ask the developers for help. For example, you can open an issue for the language you want (it will be better if you can contribute the translations, after we finish the preparation for you).

If you want to go a step further: The translated strings are wrapped in `tr()` in the source codes. When the codes are changed, you can run [updateTranslation.sh](tools/updateTranslation.sh) or [updateTranslation.bat](tools/updateTranslation.bat) to update the translations. You can read [Qt Linguist Manual](https://doc.qt.io/qt-5/qtlinguist-index.html) if you are interested in it.

> ## The Settings system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The settings system
```

> ## The settings system

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## The Settings system
```

Author: Why?

Reviewer: Reverted!
